---
sidebar_position: 16
---



# Step 8 (optional): Set up Integrations

## Set up background checks

Understanding background check integration

TRS system is fully integrated with [Sterling](<https://www.sterlingcheck.com/>) for background checks. You will need to sign a contract with Sterling directly and request them to send the credentials to TRS team to integrate. The integration on TRS end is quick and simple as long as we receive information from Sterling. There is no maintenance or integration fee on TRS end.

How to set up background check for each activity

After your contract is signed with Sterling, please request Sterling to send your credentials to TRS to set up Background Check for your site. 

If you receive the credentials directly from Sterling, you can follow the instructions below to input the credentials for Sterling integration:

1. Go to Integrations section in your site editor

2. Check the box for Enable background checks and save it

3. Go to Background Check Settings in your site editor.

4. In the Packages tab, add the background check package name and its ID number. If you have more than 1 package, add them individually.

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/CPs1mDC6YZ5Yk1-2b3vpLmKXmDzh6eA0cbUQWXepBVJ8yRaS-ob3nTVhBnJeJIJvt3_r3Ji35-eP7GEbRDaaKyEdTeQNCWhl4jjYtqLCfEWukS9N0Va6QgmyAvU5DGGOZg=w1280]

5\. In the Credentials tab, put in the Username and Password.

6\. Watch [this video ](<https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SasrdlHa-4Y>)to find out how set up background check package for each activity and registrant type.

## Background Check process for registrants/volunteers

After a volunteer confirms their schedule, they will be directed to Sterling site to create an account and complete their information for background check. Once they complete their background check order, they will be redirected to TRS site to confirm their schedule and complete their registration. 

If the volunteer fails to submit background check, they will NOT receive a confirmation email of their schedules. They will also see a red notification on their dashboard that requires them to resubmit background check.

Check out [this article ](<../troubleshoot/check_volunteers_background_check_status.md>)on how to run reports on background check result and find out which registrants didn't complete their background checks.

## Print credentials with DYMO Label integration

Use the DYMO Label Printing integration to create labels directly linked from registrant records specific to a site. This option is used by clients for name tags, authorization and credentialing, check-in verification, and even to reflect last minute changes occurring during an event. 

Important:

* myTRS does not generate DYMO labels. They must be created directly in the DYMO Software.

* Before printing confirm your DYMO printer is connected to the computer you're using. It is recommended to test print labels prior to the event, to confirm layout and printer settings are configured the way you want. Bulk print is not an option for this integration.

* Labels are generated by activity, not by an entire schedule. 

Set up

STEP 1: Go to Edit on the site you need to print credentials for

STEP 2: Locate and click on the Integrations from the left-side menu

STEP 3: Check mark the option Enable DYMO Label Printing. Then click Save & Continue

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/wrjHO_cuv9t9B7z1AlA_Hislgqs9MYSeV0vvXM2NfMZqrHN-trVyX9xiCMleCotl3WiLSD0VZvKeqTRPwHT_ikT-H-kudVKyO_rBO3ReoPqTtA7VgZEoYw1BWqGoMxn9_Q=w1280]

STEP4:

Label Printing (DYMO) will appear as a new tab on the left panel. Click the Label Printing (DYMO) tab to begin. The Label Printing (DYMO) page is where actual configuration is completed. Instructions are presented on the right-side of the page to assist. 

STEP 5:

Create your label within the DYMO Software. Any questions related to DYMO software should be referred to DYMO by accessing their website.[ DYMO® : Label Makers & Printers, Labels, and More!](<https://www.dymo.com/>)

STEP 6:

Copy + Paste the XML code into the open text box under the DYMO Label Configuration section. Click Update Label Settings.

Print labels:

1. Locate the registrant's user account (see [Modify profiles & check in](<../registration_management/check_ins.md>) for instructions) and view their registration.

2. View Schedule on the horizontal menu.

3. Next to each activity's schedule, click Print Label to print.

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/TUaWWgdeBADZTJPVWU5FXqL9ssWwHs6uC1T2WIq6ynL9P0mcVmylNjlCX1rekTv3R7-XORlTFZuhiCBEstKx7ZZQ2Q6469qY6ezQFK_9tO0perTDxnmAxDjDb95zrliIsA=w1280]

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/Ljx3NJdkMyeaLpgAo6IhSXkgUZIP3Kj1Qx705nVXujSGPtMk0n2xkiZ-DipsDg8LXKvZKJy_uJ8t72dTBX-Fy3aKKd8UyXQDRP4eq_ndozFiNvQY8NCewtlAEKuUrpUdww=w1280]

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/vzKWu-6JEHfX2WyW2EdOeenunXYfWHWuwvq8HiPyTGmPJvmoP8GuFVNuG71OI0Asy1s3a-gSkg2kcSJNE_Mmx__Gexe2DQyalP7l3BlPP8QZilzxVScZ5h-55mMHLfUu=w1280]

STEP 7:

Under the DYMO Variables section, configure the variables by matching the name and value fields. Refer to the example shown below: 

[IMAGE: Screenshot - Original URL: https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/T9E0VxrtrHvUrvaKzkM4ssL2ouji8LcC2SRlbsQDpIUiGmeW23NTeFAjEYlyrblUBg_oLhBrSGDdn61nNSZ0DjWXIGGUxR0w8rLmpMASUKMqAxrCwdCHquiOdLmJIx1GsA=w1280]
